this is my own outfit I bought it after
the Christmas special a few years ago
two years ago and so is it get something
out of you doesn't it you wouldn't
normally do and we can't get to express
yourself and it's fantastic you look
absolutely amazing I'm a fairy princess
and my favorite color pink so the car
will be in the next series oh she's not
I wanna know why she lived it she's a
budding look for and I'm just pleased we
pulled it off well honey I was very
lucky
Zion gazelle of a dance and you can use
that hits like I've never seen a woman
move her hips before she was built for a
sort of scarlet red with sugar bits and
swingers here and she
because she's got amazing leg scoop you
can just show her legs here all that
muscle
she's like a thoroughbred horse remember
she was dancing but she was crushed
someone else the masked man and civil
play mr. may we may we I've kicked him
in the shoulder on the last list by
almost falling backwards punch me in the
nose yeah it was really exciting but
I've got praises too I mean they're not
they're actually not there anymore my
had a few up there so we're both
suffering for our art and for charity I
loved it
it's all about having fun and you had
one of the hardest jobs tonight you're
the only male person out there that has
never danced before never gonna show
point how'd you leave me which is never
easy
please to know whatever you can it's for
a great cause and the number is Oh eight
seven four five things our judges thank
you Father
we're gonna be in virgin with me but no
way remember to click and donate online
because I can't remember the number we
deserve a drink you do them thank you